---
title: 'The Best of Us: To the Sixth Minister of the Propaganda Department'
date: 2022-10-25
tags: Essay
img: /images/posts/2022-10-25/photo_2022-10-29_23-16-10.jpg
language: en
---
A year ago, the letter that Minister Wang wrote to me was handed to me by Teacher Wu: Minister Wang had written the letter in the summer vacation, and at that time, he did not know who would receive the letter - to ensure that the content of the letter was neutral. A few months ago, I wanted to follow his example, but I couldn't start writing because I had very different things to say to different people, and I thought this letter needed to pour in some personal emotions.

First of all, congratulations to you, classmate ZYS, on your honorable appointment as the minister of the Propaganda Department of the School Youth League Committee for one year. In the past year, you have always been very active in your work and taken the initiative to handle affairs; you have been serious and responsible for your work without losing rigor; you have been optimistic and never shirked in the face of difficulties. In the past year of work, you have been almost full attendance. Every time I went to the studio, thinking that there would be no one there, you would always be there. Fortunately, we have you.
Since its establishment, the Propaganda Department has always been the best department. In the coming year, I hope you will inherit the aspirations of your predecessors and inspire the spirit of your successors to carry forward the excellent style and efficiency of the Propaganda Department ("Best Department" must not be interrupted). Information dissemination emphasizes timeliness, and efficiency is our foundation. We must actively, quickly, and accurately complete the tasks assigned to us to highlight our excellence.

In addition, as a leader, I hope you will be strict with the officers, including attendance, and various requirements must not be "shrunk". At the same time, maintain a three-point distance and mystery with your subordinates. At work, you must not allow anyone to challenge your authority and cannot give your subordinates too much freedom and rights. Otherwise, when you limit or take back these freedoms and rights, they will think that these are taken for granted and even become arrogant, making it more difficult for the smooth progress of work.

You are different from me. You have one year of work experience and should be more handy than me. But I am still worried that you will encounter trouble when dealing with problems between departments of the Youth League Committee. No matter what happens, just do your best and make the choice you think is right at that time, and you will have no regrets about this experience. Since we both chose to take this position at different times, we also assumed the responsibility attached to this identity. Personally, I am very reluctant to leave here because this is where I have put in my efforts, grown, and have you. For me, you are my family, so I always make choices based on the interests of this family. Now that I am leaving, I am really reluctant. There is no need to say more. I hope that the Propaganda Department can fly further with you.

"Time is a sandcastle, and all the buildings in the memory are all sanded. So we burst into tears, step by step, but we can only move forward..." Although reluctant, leaving is inevitable. In the Propaganda Department, I was the best me in the past, and you will be the best you in the future. The Propaganda Department will surely achieve the best of us.

Then I wish us a bright future.

***
The Fifth Minister of the School Youth League Committee Propaganda Department
At night on October 25, 2022
At the beginning of the 10th month of the Renyin Year, at the time of the third watch.
***